let's get personal because you and Joe
have a marriage of the spanned and Al of
40 years or over 40 - how much you guys
care for each other and you spoke about
it earlier but take us back to when you
first started dating him he had two sons
hunter and beau they had lost their mom
they'd lost their sister and what joe
said to them is mommy sent you
yeah the boys how much comfort did that
give you in that time it gave I think it
gave them a lot the boys a lot of
comfort because how could they make any
sense of losing their mother and their
sister they were young they were six
yeah they were babies you know five and
six and just so young and vulnerable and
and so when we got married I mean I I
said I fell in love with the boys
employee I really did so well I was
lucky I mean I felt that their mom
really gave me a gift and I I had to
honor that gift
I don't ill I know you know this but I
cry every time I talk to your husband
when it is on the show or after your
family has brought my families so much
comfort through the worst time in my
entire life in our lives your family
went through the same thing when you
lost your son boat of the exact same
cancer glioblastoma it's horrific
I put the images of both funeral and you
look kind of how I looked you look sad
you look lost and you can see our
emotions your husband said it does get
easier but you say you still aren't
healed and I'm not healed so how are you
not healed well first I have to say you
know how much we loved your father and
he was a giant of a man
[Applause]
and you know going through loss is just
really tough and and I wake up every day
and I I think of our son and you know I
have to find ways that I can cope with
that loss and so I try to really start
my day maybe with with poetry I I go to
exercise I try to just create balance in
my life and and I know Joe's faith has
helped him through it my faith was
shaken we all handle grief in very
different ways
Joe clung to his faith I sort of I don't
know I just I couldn't I didn't think
beau was going to die until the moment
he closed his eyes I mean I just thought
he was going to live and you know I
thought how could this happen
and so actually for the last couple of
years I haven't been able to go to
church I haven't been able to pray but I
have to tell you something happened to
me this weekend that was life-changing
for me we were in South Carolina and we
were at a black church and you know at
my church everybody sits there you know
real quietly and all you know and we I
walked into the black church and
everybody was singing and there was joy
and and the woman next to me put her
hand on my hand and she said I want to
be your prayer partner oh what a night I
thought prayer partner what's what's a
prayer partner but I thought it was so
kind and I thought that maybe God was
saying to me hey Jill it's been four
years come back come back
so it was just one of those powerful
moments in my life and so Megan you know
and I'm sure so many people have come up
to you that have suffered from cancer
and and so many people were praying for
your family prayed for my family and you
know you feel that hey I owe them my
now so I think if you can maybe channel
your grief to find that purpose I think
that has to be the answer that you have
to find that purpose in your life that
helps you to deal with it day by day
because it is day by day I just think I
made me it gave me it consoled me that
you have struggled with it because I'm
still my faith has been rocked and I
understand it and it's hard not to be
angry at God especially with the
specific cancer because it rages your
brain and yes your brain is who you are
it was terrible but thank you again for
all of your love you will it evolves it
doesn't ever heal now you always carry
it with you and just it it can help you
change you that's the thing that that's
the gift you get you help change
yourself so I thanks to Jill Biden
members of the audience or get a copy of
for a book where the
you